README.md, before:

# baCC
Digital equality for all users has an important role in our society. That means people with print disabilities need the same access to information, especially books, like other users. So it is necessary to consider accessibility issues right at the beginning of production of digital content. This paradigma is called [“born accessible”](https://www.benetech.org/our-programs/literacy/born-accessible/). *if content is “born digital,” it can-and should-be “born accessible.”*
BaCC tries to help achieving this digital equality. 

Today digital books are produced in [EPUB 3](http://idpf.org/epub/30). The baCC-tool will assist the eBook-EPUB3 production with focus on [Accessibility](http://www.idpf.org/epub/a11y/accessibility.html) requirements. It can check accessibility requirements automatically (not all) and so guarantee a base accessibility conformance.     

## Who should use baCC?

TODO

## DEMO 

[baCC](http://ec2-18-220-212-194.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com)

### Technical details
TODO
##### Backend
BaCC based on [Ace by DAISY](https://github.com/daisy/ace-core)
 
##### Frontend
[Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.2.6.

### Installation
TODO

#### Install backend on Linux server 
[hint puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/404
)


## CHANGELOG 

### 0.0.1

### 0.0.0
* Initial commit

Commit message:

- Display the list of rules that used for the audit - Update Readme

README.md, after:

# baCC
Digital equality for all users has an important role in our society. That means people with print disabilities need the same access to information, especially books, like other users. So it is necessary to consider accessibility issues right at the beginning of production of digital content. This paradigma is called [“born accessible”](https://www.benetech.org/our-programs/literacy/born-accessible/). *if content is “born digital,” it can-and should-be “born accessible.”*
BaCC tries to help achieving this digital equality. 

Today digital books are produced in [EPUB 3](http://idpf.org/epub/30). The baCC-tool will assist the eBook-EPUB3 production with focus on [Accessibility](http://www.idpf.org/epub/a11y/accessibility.html) requirements. It can check accessibility requirements automatically (not all) and so guarantee a base accessibility conformance.     

## Who should use baCC?

TODO

## DEMO 

[baCC](http://ec2-18-220-212-194.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com)

### Technical details
TODO
##### Backend
BaCC based on [Ace by DAISY](https://github.com/daisy/ace-core)
 
##### Frontend
[Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.2.6.

### Installation
TODO

#### Install backend on Linux server 
[hint puppeteer](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/404
)


## CHANGELOG 

### 0.3.0

* Display the list of rules that used for the audit 

### 0.2.0

* Localisation:
  + Frontend 
  + Report 

### 0.1.0

* Audit EPUB 
  + Upload EPUB via Drag and Drop 
  + Start Audit automatically
  + Show state of audit 
  
* Report
  + Tab violations: 
    - Display violation grouped via type of violation
    - Display details to every violation group
  + Tab outlines: 
    - display outline side by side viewer
  + Tab image descriptions:
    - display images with <img> attributes    
     
### 0.0.0
* Initial commit
